well it's 0600 GMT that's 8:00 a.m. in
the morning in Gaza the World Health
Organization says it's lost
communication with its contacts inside
the AL shifa Hospital thousands of
Palestinians seeking safety at the
largest medical facility have endured
another night of fear the Ministry of
Health has reported bombing and fighting
in all directions around Al shifer other
hospitals have also been under attack an
Israeli air strike on a maternity
hospital killed two doctors inside the
hospital there are dozens of newborn
babies in of critical care Imran aan
begins our
coverage these are some of gaza's most
vulnerable these prematurely born babies
are meant to be kept in incubators with
oxygen and temperature regulating
equipment helping every breath they take
but due to the constant Israeli Siege
and bombardment they are now bundled up
in towels and sheets in gaza's alifa
hospital with insufficient Fuel and no
electricity Hospital staff have
suspended operations and are urging the
International Community to help save the
youngest lives in the besieged
strip we requested protection for these
children and protection for all patients
in the Intensive Care Unit however they
told us that you have only one hour to
remove these children from one place to
another now we place the children in a
very unhealthy uh places that is not
conducive to their condition these
children were born after less than seven
months of pregnancy now we are
struggling to save their lives using
primitive methods using manual simple
methods but however this is very
unsustainable Al jaer spoke to a father
of two infants who are being treated at
alifa hospital he says he feels Beyond
helpless honestly this is something you
cannot describe when you reach to such a
point where you can provide safety to
your newborn children honestly today
when I spoke with the Red
Cross literally they told me that they
have suspended their operations in Gaza
and they have no news about mea and the
hub no news at all I don't know whether
they are all right or
not this desperate father is among the
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
forced to leave their homes in North
Gaza to escape Israeli
strikes alifa hospital is gaza's largest
medical facility thousands are using the
hospital as shelter almost 5,000
patients are receiving care and nearly
800 others are waiting to be
admitted the facility and its staff are
at a Breaking Point and with every
passing minute the youngest Palestinian
lives born into this war are in danger
of becoming part of an Ever growing list
of young lives cut too short Imran Alan
aler ER well in a moment we'll speak to
s hyat in occupied East Jerusalem for
Israel's response to what's happening at
alifa but first let's go to hanim Mahmud
in Han Unice in southern Gaza hany so
what more are you hearing there about
the fate of these babies at the alifa
hospital
hany yes we we're we're I'm going to
talk about this but first I want to give
you the latest update about the air
strike campaign that's been uh targeting
multiple areas in the ga in the Gaza
Strip including Rafa kanun is the
central part areas that were designated
by the Israeli military as safe areas
where many evacuates found themselves
victims and targets of those
unpredictable bombs and air strike the
total number within the past hours late
uh early hours of late hours of last
night early hours of this morning by the
28 Palestinian have been killed with so
many people is still under the rubbles
uh as of the shifa hospital it is still
under military Siege as Israeli tanks
and milit and armored vehicles are
pushing very close uh to the uh complex
the health facility complex from all
sides from the north the West the East
and the southern part about couple
hundred meters away and I've been
targeting the hospital and the compt
repeatedly with tank shells and there
are also attack drones that the qu
capter are on top of these are hovering
at a low attitude of a of the SKU of of
that of that area uh now with we we
heard Dr Abu selia the director of a
Shiva Hospital who talked about a uh a
possible coordination with uh uh with
ambulances and with the Red Cross in
order to evacuate uh uh civilians inside
the hospital now when when we talk about
babies in incubation it's very very
difficult and very impossible to remove
them uh uh from that area uh to other
Hospital most of the hospitals in Gaza
and the northern partk are under heavy
targets and and and the vast majority of
them don't have if not all of them don't
have electricity don't have the the
sufficient medical supplies to sustain
any of the patients and to uh uh treat
them properly uh in addition uh there's
no electricity to keep these incubation
running so what he's talking about is
looking for a safe Corridor just secure
a safe Corridor with very well equipped
ambulance and vehicle to carry out those
babies to ensure they're not going to
die because as of now without
electricity and sufficient oxygen coming
from uh the lines and in the hospital uh
those babies are dying by the hours
unfortunately all right hanim mmud
they're live for us in KH units in
southern Gaza hany thank you let's bring
in sah hyat in occupied East Jerusalem
Sara so what are the Israelis saying
about all this
then well Daniel Kari who's the
spokesman for the uh Israeli military uh
spoke and also released a statement
saying that Hamas has been lying uh
saying that people can't leave Al shifa
hospital for safe uh passage and he also
um had said that um the Eastern uh side
of the hospital was safe for people to
leave and that was the exit um that
people could use uh and in terms of the
babies he said that they are willing to
assist uh and to help in the movement of
them to a safer location but let's speak
about this practically how practical is
this when a uh Palestinians aren't
trusting uh to uh the very people that
are bombarding it um and have tried in
many attempts to leave not just Al
shifer hospital but during uh the
evacuation of the north of Gaza and then
coming under Fire um that's one thing
but also uh the question that many
people have been asking uh not just in
Gaza but elsewhere is why not ensure
that the uh organizations such as the
red crescent and Red Cross why are not
they not able to be uh to be the ones
that can take those uh that are in dire
need and move them to a place elsewhere
when we spoken to the uh Red Cross
ourselves here at Al jazer many a time
they told us that they've tried uh to
deliver Aid they've tried to deliver
much needed uh equipment um when they
did a few days ago their own Convoy uh
came Under Fire and then they had to
divert they were making those deliveries
to Al cot's hospital and eventually they
were able to make that delivery to Al
shifer but they did tell us that was
nothing in compared to the dire
situation and the dire require the
requirements needed for those uh in
absolutely a terrible uh physical and
mental condition so how practical this
is it's it's it's really unclear and
also uh the Israelis didn't get detail
how this would be possible Sarah thank
you